theme = catppuccin-frappe
background-opacity = 0.95
macos-titlebar-style = hidden

font-family = "FiraCode Nerd Font"
font-size = 14

cursor-invert-fg-bg = true
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

window-save-state = always
window-decoration = true

quit-after-last-window-closed=true

shell-integration = fish
command = /opt/homebrew/bin/fish --login --interactive

keybind = cmd+t=unbind
keybind = cmd+n=unbind
keybind = cmd+c=unbind
keybind = cmd+w=unbind
keybind = cmd+1=unbind
keybind = cmd+2=unbind
keybind = cmd+3=unbind
keybind = cmd+4=unbind
keybind = cmd+5=unbind
keybind = cmd+6=unbind
keybind = cmd+7=unbind
keybind = cmd+8=unbind
keybind = cmd+9=unbind
keybind = cmd+d=unbind
keybind = cmd+d=unbind
keybind = cmd+s=unbind
